README.md, before:

## Overview ##
A container-based Web Service for scanning (via the file signature-basediScan) and inspecting (via the Linux package manager-based image inspector) Docker images.

This service is IN DEVELOPMENT / not ready for production use. Current state: The service is callable, but mocked (doesn't actually do anything).

# Build #
TBD

## Where can I get the latest release? ##
You can download the latest source from GitHub: https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws. 

To try it in a Docker environment, you can use this bash script as a starting point: https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws/blob/master/src/main/resources/demo-docker.sh.

Ty try it in a Kubernetes environment, you use these bash scripts as a starting point: https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws/blob/master/src/main/resources/demo-minikube-start.sh, https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws/blob/master/src/main/resources/demo-minikube-stop.sh. They depend on: https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws/blob/master/src/main/resources/kube-deployment.yml, https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws/blob/master/src/main/resources/kube-service.yml.

## Documentation ##
hub-detect-ws is under development. You can use the provided bash scripts to try a pre-release version in either a Kubernetes or a Docker environment.

You only need files in the src/main/resources directory (and images that they download from Docker Hub), but it may be easiest to clone the whole repo. For the relative paths to be correct, execute the scripts (src/main/resources/demo-*.sh) from the top level directory (the one that contains build.gradle). Whichever script you use, you'll want to read the script to understand what it's doing.

### Hub Detect Service Endpoint ###

GET /scaninspectimage
* Mandatory query param: tarfile=`<path to Docker image tarfile>`
* Optional query params:
** hubprojectname=`<Hub project name>`
** hubprojectversion=`<Hub project version>`
** codelocationprefix=`<Hub CodeLocation name prefix>`
** cleanup=`<cleanup working dirs when done: true or false; default: true>`

### Trying hub-detect-ws in a Kubernetes (minikube) environment ##

src/main/resources/demo-minikube-start.sh is a shell script that uses minikube to get a pod running, and then executes (and echo's) some curl commands to test the service.
src/main/resources/demo-minikube-stop.sh will delete the deployment and service that the start script creates.

Requirements: bash, minikube, java 8, curl, port 8080. It creates a ~/tmp/target dir.

The script will start a 1-container pod, and expose port 8080. It exposes a "scaninspectimage" endpoint that takes a path to a Docker image tarfile (the output of a "docker save" command), and returns HTTP status 200 if the request is succesfully received. (Once implemented:) At that point the service will start scanning and inspecting the image. Eventually it will upload the resulting BDIO files to the Hub.

### Configuring the service ###

TBD

### Trying hub-detect-ws in a Docker environment ###

src/main/resources/demo-docker.sh is a shell script that uses docker to get a container running, and then suggests (echo's) some curl commands to test the service.

Requirements: bash, docker, java 8, curl, port 8080, and a /tmp dir.

The script will start a containerized web service running on port 8080. It exposes a "scaninspectimage" endpoint that takes a path to a Docker image tarfile (the output of a "docker save" command), and returns HTTP status 200 if the request is succesfully received. (Once implemented:) At that point the service will start scanning and inspecting the image. Eventually it will upload the resulting BDIO files to the Hub.

### Other ImageInspector Service Endpoints ###

```
GET /trace # get history of http requests
GET /health # check the health of the service
GET /metrics # get Spring Boot-generated metrics in JSON format
GET /prometheus # get Prometheus-generated metrics in Prometheus format
GET /loggers # get list of loggers
POST /loggers/<logger> # Example: curl -i -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"configuredLevel": "TRACE"}' http://<IP>:8080/loggers/com.blackducksoftware
```

Commit message:

README improvements, demo script fixes

README.md, after:

## Overview ##
A container-based Web Service for scanning (via the file signature-basediScan) and inspecting (via the Linux package manager-based image inspector) Docker images.

This service is IN DEVELOPMENT / not ready for production use. Anything (including endpoint names) might change before it is released. Current state: The service is callable, but mocked (doesn't actually do anything).

# Quick Start in a Docker Environment #
Docker must be running.

```
git clone https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws
cd hub-detect-ws
src/main/resources/demo-docker.sh
curl -i http://localhost:8080/scaninspectimage?tarfile=/opt/blackduck/hub-detect-ws/target/alpine.tar

```
You should get an HTTP 200 response with "scan/inspect image operation mocked" in the body.

# Quick Start in a Minikube Environment #
Minikube must be running.

```
git clone https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws
cd hub-detect-ws
src/main/resources/demo-minikube-start.sh
curl -i http://192.168.99.100:8080/scaninspectimage?tarfile=/opt/blackduck/hub-detect-ws/target/alpine.tar
```
You should get an HTTP 200 response with "scan/inspect image operation mocked" in the body.


# Build #
TBD

## Where can I get the latest release? ##
You can download the latest source from GitHub: https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws. 

To try it in a Docker environment, you can use this bash script as a starting point: https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws/blob/master/src/main/resources/demo-docker.sh.

Ty try it in a Kubernetes environment, you use these bash scripts as a starting point: https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws/blob/master/src/main/resources/demo-minikube-start.sh, https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws/blob/master/src/main/resources/demo-minikube-stop.sh. They depend on: https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws/blob/master/src/main/resources/kube-deployment.yml, https://github.com/blackducksoftware/hub-detect-ws/blob/master/src/main/resources/kube-service.yml.

## Documentation ##
hub-detect-ws is under development. You can use the provided bash scripts to try a pre-release version in either a Kubernetes or a Docker environment.

You only need files in the src/main/resources directory (and images that they download from Docker Hub), but it may be easiest to clone the whole repo. For the relative paths to be correct, execute the scripts (src/main/resources/demo-*.sh) from the top level directory (the one that contains build.gradle). Whichever script you use, you'll want to read the script to understand what it's doing.

### Hub Detect Service Endpoint ###

GET /scaninspectimage
* Mandatory query param: tarfile=`<path to Docker image tarfile>`
* Optional query params:
** hubprojectname=`<Hub project name>`
** hubprojectversion=`<Hub project version>`
** codelocationprefix=`<Hub CodeLocation name prefix>`
** cleanup=`<cleanup working dirs when done: true or false; default: true>`

### Trying hub-detect-ws in a Kubernetes (minikube) environment ##

src/main/resources/demo-minikube-start.sh is a shell script that uses minikube to get a pod running, and then executes (and echo's) some curl commands to test the service.
src/main/resources/demo-minikube-stop.sh will delete the deployment and service that the start script creates.

Requirements: bash, minikube, java 8, curl, port 8080. It creates a ~/tmp/target dir.

The script will start a 1-container pod, and expose port 8080. It exposes a "scaninspectimage" endpoint that takes a path to a Docker image tarfile (the output of a "docker save" command), and returns HTTP status 200 if the request is succesfully received. (Once implemented:) At that point the service will start scanning and inspecting the image. Eventually it will upload the resulting BDIO files to the Hub.

### Configuring the service ###

TBD

### Trying hub-detect-ws in a Docker environment ###

src/main/resources/demo-docker.sh is a shell script that uses docker to get a container running, and then suggests (echo's) some curl commands to test the service.

Requirements: bash, docker, java 8, curl, port 8080, and a /tmp dir.

The script will start a containerized web service running on port 8080. It exposes a "scaninspectimage" endpoint that takes a path to a Docker image tarfile (the output of a "docker save" command), and returns HTTP status 200 if the request is succesfully received. (Once implemented:) At that point the service will start scanning and inspecting the image. Eventually it will upload the resulting BDIO files to the Hub.

### Other ImageInspector Service Endpoints ###

```
GET /trace # get history of http requests
GET /health # check the health of the service
GET /metrics # get Spring Boot-generated metrics in JSON format
GET /prometheus # get Prometheus-generated metrics in Prometheus format
GET /loggers # get list of loggers
POST /loggers/<logger> # Example: curl -i -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"configuredLevel": "TRACE"}' http://<IP>:8080/loggers/com.blackducksoftware
```
